       Welcome to xbill...

       Ever  get the feeling that nothing is going right?  You're
       a sysadmin, and someone's trying to destroy  your  comput-
       ers.  The little people running around the screen are try-
       ing to infect your computers with Wingdows [TM],  a  virus
       cleverly  designed to resemble a popular operating system.
       Your objective is to click the mouse on them, ending their
       potential  threat.  If one of the people reaches a comput-
       er, it will attempt to replace your operating system  with
       the  virus it carries. It will then attempt to run off the
       screen with your vital software.  The game ends when  only
       0 or 1 of your computers is being productive.  Additional-
       ly, some computers  are  connected  with  network  cables.
       When  one  computer on a network becomes infected, a spark
       will be sent down the cable, and will infect the  computer
       on the other end when it reaches there.

       Clicking the button on one of the little people will cause
       it to cry out in pain and melt (id software eat your heart
       out!), dropping the stolen os if it is carrying one.  If a
       computer is running Wingdows or is temporarily off, the os
       can  be  dragged back to the computer (or another computer
       compatible with that os).  To extinguish a spark drag  the
       bucket of water from the upper left corner onto it.

       The status bar at the bottom tells the following:
               Number of Bills on/off the screen
               Number of Computers running their OS/off/Wingdows
               Level
               Score

OPTIONS
       -l n, -L n
              Start at level n.

       -v     Print version number and exit.

       -h     Print help and exit.

       All standard X Intrinsics options are also supported.


AUTHORS
       Main Programmer:
            Brian Wellington <bwelling@tis.com>
       Programming & graphics:
            Matias Duarte <matias@hyperimage.com>


COPYING
       Copyright (c) 1994-6 Psychosoft

       It's  FREE!  If you want to express your undying gratitude
       to us for bringing a small bit of meaning into your other-
       wise pointless existence, you could always send us e-mail.
       XBill is distributed under the GNU Public License.

       Go play the game now!

